2/13/2023 11:46:43 AM
patient=CSI59
plan type=VMAT CSI
structure set=CSI_research_EAS
template=reduced dose

prescriptions:
    {CSI-init,PTV_CSI,6,200.0 cGy,1200}

Added structures:
    TS_PTV_CSI

Structure manipulations:

isocenter names:
    CSI-init
        Brain
        UpSpine
        LowSpine

plan UIDs:
    1.2.246.352.71.5.251621835082.1742491.20230213114619

Optimization constraints:

Detailed log output

TS Generation and manipulation output:
Performing Preliminary Checks: 
User origin is inside body
Brain and spinal cord structures exist
Preliminary checks complete!
Unioning Structures: 
Checking for L and R structures to union!
No structures to union!
Remove Prior Tuning Structures: 
Removing prior tuning structures
Removing any remaining tuning structures
Removing: TS_Globes
Removing: TS_Lenses
Removing: TS_ring600
Removing: TS_ArmsAvoid
Removing: TS_PTV_CSI
Prior tuning structures successfully removed!
Checking For Missing Target Structures: 
Checking for missing target structures!
All requested targets are present and contoured! Skipping target creation!
Create TS Structures: 
Adding remaining tuning structures to stack!
Finished adding tuning structures!
Contouring tuning structures!
Perform TS Manipulations: 
Retrieved list of TS manipulations
Retrieving TS target: TS_PTV_CSI
TS target TS_PTV_CSI does not exist. Creating it now!
Cropping TS target from body with 3 mm inner margin
No TS manipulations requested!
Calculating Number of Isocenters:
Calculating number of isocenters
Generated list of plans each containing list of targets
Determined target with greatest extent: PTV_CSI, Plan: CSI-init
Retrieved spinal cord structure
603.2, 1.5, 2.0
Added isocenter to stack!
Required Number of Isocenters: 3
Finished!
Finished Structure Tuning!

Plan generation and beam placement output:
Check course: 
Checking for existing course VMAT CSI
Course VMAT CSI does not exist. Creating now!
Course VMAT CSI retrieved!
Checking for existing plans: 
Plan CSI-init does not exist in course VMAT CSI
No plans currently exist in course VMAT CSI!
Creating plans: 
Creating plan CSI-init
Created plan CSI-init
Set prescription for plan CSI-init
Set plan Id for CSI-init
Set calculation model to AAA_15605
Set optimization model to PO_15605
Set GPU option for dose calculation to No
Set MR Restart level to MR3
Set GPU option for optimization to No
Added plan CSI-init to stack!
Finished creating and initializing plans!
Calculating isocenter positions: 
Extracting isocenter positions for all plans
Retrieving number of isocenters for plan: CSI-init
Num isos for plan (from generateTS): CSI-init
Retrieving prescriptions for plan: CSI-init
Retrieved Presciptions
Determining target with greatest extent
Longest target in plan CSI-init: PTV_CSI
Retrieving PTV_Spine Structure
Failed to find PTV_Spine Structure! Retrieving spinal cord structure
Retrieving PTV_Brain Structure
Failed to find PTV_Brain Structure! Retrieving brain structure
Calculating anterior extent of PTV_Spine
Calculating superior and inferior extent of PTV_Spine
Adding 5 mm anterior margin to spinal cord structure to mimic anterior extent of PTV_Spine!
Adding 10 mm superior margin to spinal cord structure to mimic superior extent of PTV_Spine!
Adding 15 mm inferior margin to spinal cord structure to mimic inferior extent of PTV_Spine!
Anterior extent of PTV_Spine: -244.2 mm
Superior extent of PTV_Spine: -32.3 mm
Inferior extent of PTV_Spine: -610.6 mm
0.8 * PTV_Spine Ymin is more posterior than center of PTV_Spine!: -195.4 mm vs -220.6 mm
Assigning Ant-post iso location to center of PTV_Spine: -220.6 mm
Calculating center of PTV_Brain
Center of PTV_Brain: 35.0 mm
Calculating center of PTV_Brain to inf extent of PTV_Spine
Extent: 645.5 mm
Determining position for isocenter: 0
Calculated isocenter position 1
Rounding Y- and Z-positions to nearest integer values
Calculated isocenter position (user coordinates): (0, 0, -60)
Adding calculated isocenter position to stack!
Determining position for isocenter: 1
Calculated isocenter position 2
Rounding Y- and Z-positions to nearest integer values
Calculated isocenter position (user coordinates): (0, 0, -260)
Adding calculated isocenter position to stack!
Determining position for isocenter: 2
Calculated isocenter position 3
Rounding Y- and Z-positions to nearest integer values
Calculated isocenter position (user coordinates): (0, 0, -520)
Adding calculated isocenter position to stack!
Finished retrieving isocenters for plan: CSI-init
Assigning isocenters and beams: 
Preparing to set isocenters for plan: CSI-init
Created default DRR parameters
Failed to find PTV_Brain Structure! Retrieving brain structure
Creating PTV_Brain structure!
Created PTV_Brain structure!
Failed to find PTV_Spine Structure! Retrieving spinalcord structure
Creating PTV_Spine structure!
Created PTV_Spine structure!
Retrieved target for plan: PTV_Brain
Preparation complete!
Assigning isocenter: 1
Retrieved jaw positions (iso: 1, beam: 1)
Retrieved collimator positions (iso: 1, beam: 1)
Added arc beam to iso: 0
Fit collimator to: PTV_Brain
Asymmetric margin: 3 cm Lat, 3 cm Sup, 4 cm Inf
Assigned beam id: 1 CCW Brain
Assigned DRR to beam: 1 CCW Brain
Retrieved jaw positions (iso: 1, beam: 2)
Retrieved collimator positions (iso: 1, beam: 2)
Added arc beam to iso: 1
Fit collimator to: PTV_Brain
Asymmetric margin: 3 cm Lat, 3 cm Sup, 4 cm Inf
Assigned beam id: 2 CW Brain
Assigned DRR to beam: 2 CW Brain
Assigning isocenter: 2
Retrieved jaw positions (iso: 2, beam: 1)
Retrieved collimator positions (iso: 2, beam: 1)
Added arc beam to iso: 1
Fit collimator to: PTV_Spine
Uniform margin: 3 cm
Assigned beam id: 3 CCW UpSpine
Assigned DRR to beam: 3 CCW UpSpine
Assigning isocenter: 3
Retrieved jaw positions (iso: 3, beam: 2)
Retrieved collimator positions (iso: 3, beam: 2)
Added arc beam to iso: 3
Fit collimator to: PTV_Spine
Uniform margin: 3 cm
Assigned beam id: 4 CW LowSpine
Assigned DRR to beam: 4 CW LowSpine
Finished!

Modifications saved to database!

